Here we have lucidchart.com which is a standard diagram tool.
You could probably do the same with a tool like Visio or Cloudcraft,
those are very popular tools for designing diagrams,
but we're going to use Lucidchart today.
It's free, you can open an account here and then you
use it for your Cloud related diagrams.
We're going to start with a blank diagram.
I need to delete this older one here,
which I'm going to do now.
The only requirement that you have once you open the default diagram screen is that you
better have enable AWS Architecture 2017,2019.
This is what's going to give you the ability to draw and read AWS diagrams.
Now in this tool, we're going to start with a blank screen,
what you're looking at right now,
and then we're going to start working with AWS diagram.
But first, let me stop right here and tell you what it is that we're trying to do.
Whenever you have a Cloud architecture,
you're going to have a diagram which explains that architecture.
You never really going to start from scratch and try to
do code or Infrastructure as Code from a vision in your head.
You need to put it on paper to be able to communicate that with your team.
One of the best way to do it is with visuals.
As you know a visual is worth 1,000 words,
probably more than that.
So when somebody hands you over a diagram,
maybe a person that is a senior solutions architect,
and tell you, "Hey, go ahead end your job and implement this."
What they mean is, take this diagram and turn into a CloudFormation script,
deploy into production or tests, and get back to me.
So in this case,
you need to be able to read that diagram.
So I'm not going to teach you exactly how to read it,
I'm going to teach you how to do it yourself,
which in turn will make you a very proficient in terms of
reading the diagrams themselves once you see them out in the real world.